Documentation update for clarity in references (#2609)
h5py/h5py: docs/refs.rst

* ``h5py.ref_dtype`` - for object references
* ``h5py.regionref_dtype`` - for region references

To store an array of references, use the appropriate dtype when initalizing the
dataset:

    >>> ref_dataset = myfile.create_dataset("MyRefs", shape=(100,), dtype=h5py.ref_dtype)

You can write the reference to the dataset and retrieve the reference as you would any other dataset:

    >>> ref_dataset[0] = myfile.ref
    >>> print(ref_dataset[0])
    <HDF5 object reference>

You can also write the reference to the dataset in a single line, without specifying the shape. 
Here is an example with the region reference ``regref`` defined above:

    >>> regref_dataset = myfile.create_dataset("MyRegRefs", data=regref, dtype=h5py.regionref_dtype)

Note that this specifies the data type as a region reference.
If you do not specify the correct data type, 

> you will get a ``TypeError`` when trying to index a dataset with a region reference.

Reviewer: I don't think you do need to explicitly specify the dtype in this case. I've just tried:

```
In [11]: rrds = f.create_dataset('region_ref', data=regref)

In [15]: rr_out = rrds[()]

In [16]: f['int_seq'][rr_out]
Out[16]: array([10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19])
```

It doesn't like a list of references without a dtype (`data=[regref]`), but that fails directly on creating the dataset - and could probably be fixed. I'm not sure why you'd get a TypeError later when using a retrieved region reference.

Author: I was basing the TypeError off #756, and from what I remembered seeing when running into similar issues. But I understand now that the problem is how one reads the region reference from a dataset. The TypeError is raised when the dataset holding the region reference is used in place of the region reference itself:

    >>> f = h5py.File('myfile.hdf5','w')
    >>> dset = f.create_dataset('myds', (200,200))
    >>> regref = dset.regionref[0:10,0:5]
    >>> regref_ds = f.create_dataset('myrefs', data=regref)
    >>> regref_ds[()]
    <HDF5 region reference>
    >>> regref_ds
    <HDF5 dataset "myrefs": shape (), type "|O">
    >>> dset[regref_ds[()]]
    array([[0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.],
        [0., 0., 0., 0., 0.]], dtype=float32)
    >>> dset[regref_ds]
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
    File "h5py/_objects.pyx", line 54, in h5py._objects.with_phil.wrapper
    File "h5py/_objects.pyx", line 55, in h5py._objects.with_phil.wrapper
    File "/projects/mccleary_group/mcdonough.b/TNG_dust/TNG-DUST-env/lib/python3.11/site-packages/h5py/_hl/dataset.py", line 854, in __getitem__
        selection = sel.select(self.shape, args, dataset=self)
                    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    File "/projects/mccleary_group/mcdonough.b/TNG_dust/TNG-DUST-env/lib/python3.11/site-packages/h5py/_hl/selections.py", line 82, in select
        return selector.make_selection(args)
            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    File "h5py/_selector.pyx", line 282, in h5py._selector.Selector.make_selection
    File "h5py/_selector.pyx", line 181, in h5py._selector.Selector.apply_args
    TypeError: Selection can't process <HDF5 dataset "myrefs": shape (), type "|O">

This error is of course also raised even when the correct dtype is specfied. I can correct the statement in the PR, and add an example of reading references from datasets.

```suggestion
    >>> regref_dataset = myfile.create_dataset("MyRegRefs", data=regref, dtype=h5py.regionref_dtype)

To read a reference from a dataset:
    >>> myregref = regref_dataset[()]
Then, the reference can be used to access the region within the dataset it points to:
    >>>myds[myregref]
```
